[DM-5961]: Updated the user docs and and CL for device parameters action column. (#4720)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/device-parameter-2-3-0-added-action-column-in-device-parameters-list.md

---
date: ""
title: Added action column in device parameters list
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wfTX6sxsr
    label: device-parameter
ticket: DM-5961
version: 2.3.0
---

> If parameter is editable an action is available in the list that opens the edit modal for the selected parameter.

Reviewer: Please make this entry follow our guidelines/prompt for change logs

Author: I have changed it, let me know what you think :)

> If parameter is editable an action is available in the list that opens the edit modal for the selected parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
In the Device Management application, editable device parameters can now be modified directly from the parameter list through a dedicated edit action.
```
